Requirements Specification for Webshop
Business Description
TechGear is an online shop that sells electronics and tech gadgets. They need a simple
database system to manage their sales. Your task is to design a basic
database structure that meets their needs.
Business requirements
Product management
● The store sells products such as phones, computers and accessories
● Each product has a name, description, price and stock balance
● Products should be divided into categories (e.g. Mobiles, Computers, Accessories)
● Each product has a manufacturer (e.g. Apple, Samsung, Dell)
● It should be possible to see which products are in each category
● It should be possible to list all products from a certain manufacturer
Customer management
● Customers should be able to register on the website
● The system needs to save the customer's name, email, phone number and delivery address
● Customers should be able to see their previous orders
● Customers should be able to leave reviews on products (rating 1-5 and comment)
● It should be possible to see all reviews for a product
Sales
● An order can contain several different products
● For each product in the order, the quantity and price should be saved
● Each order should have an order date and delivery address
● Orders can have different statuses (e.g. New, Confirmed, Sent, Delivered)
● It should be possible to see all orders for a customer
● Customers should be able to choose between different delivery methods (Postnord, DHL, Schenker)
Your task
1. Create an ER model that meets the business requirements
2. Determine which tables are needed (one box per table)
3. Identify appropriate columns for each entity (each box should have information about
all columns and what data type it has and what constraints it has)
4. Define the relationships between the tables (show with the right kind of arrow what kind of relationship
the tables have)
Remember to:
● English names for tables and columns
● Normalize
● Think about how the data is related
● Keep the design simple but functional (Do not add columns that are not needed)
● Avoid unnecessary duplication of data